good is smart for you we say the same
if people already know but what happens is
a fight fight fight
how Javier is giving me many
problems today we are going to do something
special let's do a battle of
tongue twister
I like how Javier does not know much Chinese
virgin house woman there is no
Then I will show you a
relatively easy tongue twister I'll
flipar as I have a super level of
Spanish then let's go with a
classic tongue twister decree life a
little long let's see how the
experiment and the battle to see who
win
They are led barbican
james fahey wifi
it's already good it's short it 's very short
thank you for having compassion with me the
sky is in brick who does not
descend in the sky is the bricks
who what is in the grid na the
guiding outcome that you want
the sky is in the grid of whoever
want to brick to him from the would say
of ok
the water is not going to help you anything
the sky is in brick to whom
desen bricked the senator who
want good senator brick will be
now let's try a little a dose
normal I am teaching that equal
and good
How are you
LOL
a little bit and now the competition is what
what we are going to do is that as a
tongue twister is shorter because I'm going to
say twice I will try to say it
twice in a row well and after me
it will touch you and so we will do it
until someone says it all right
see and with highway
wifi in the sky is in the threshing
who does not want the triad is to say
Wifi
face
the sky is in the trillion who
notice the triad he
efe rafael farina a singer the sky
whoever wants it, is trite
from the thresher very well
the sky is salty who notice the tri
will be the creator of that
brick sources in the entity never
the sky
instagram
facebook and the sky is anna trillado
who wants it
in Spain
uy uy uy uy uy uy
the sky is in the triad who
I wish
efe
the sky is in the trillion who
note the triad before in the creditor
that lots threshing count on
Creator will be very good
as a child
efe
when I go china now that I get it right
I will say all the time to all the
world told me to facebook
the starry sky in one batch
triad this will be the creator that was this
is the employer will be not worth
'not lindsey davis
well so far it has been the
competition I think there has been like
tie but has actually won a
little bit
and there is the coast I hope that I have
liked
if you are studying Spanish Chinese you can
practice this at home for sure you're going
to have a good time like us
I have duck whiskers, do not throw yourself a
fart porfa if they want to see more times the
cat that is called cat give the button
I like to see you next day bye
chau chau goodbye to a cat day something come
this is your moment
this is very fashionable what
We really want to tell you is that in Madrid
and in Spain there are many good things and
We are just doing the videoblog
demand for you to tell my
countrymen and everyone the charm of
my godmother
the children of age